All right. So, here we've got this
question. Question 11B.
The question reads, in the following
diagram, the dimensions of the top and
bottom
rectangles
of the first arm of a right pyramid
are 2 cm by 6 cm and 5 cm x 15 cm
respectively. So, this is a diagram
right over here everybody. And then here
they saying given that the height of the
first time is 10 cm. Okay, calculate the
volume. So we're going to say volume
over this
um pyramid frustm supposed to be 1 over
3 open bracket
a1
+
a2 + square<unk> of a 1 * square uh
multiplied by a2 and then we close h
right here. So this is another method.
If you know a different method, you can
use it. But even this one works. So for
this one, you're going to say your A1
is the area of the base. You can see
this is a rectangle. So you're just
going to get this times this. That is a
15 * 5. Remember when finding area of
the rectangle, use this formula L * B.
So this is L * B. This is what we are
multiplying and it's giving us what? A
75. So found a 75 as area one. Area 2
will be the top rectangle here. The top
rectangle which is um a 2 uh * 6 or 6 *
2 it's the same. So this is giving us a
12.
For h it's the height of the the first
time which is 10 cm. So we can plug in
now in our formula here. So we're going
to say 1 / 3 area 1 is a 75 plus area 2
is a 12 + square<unk> of 75
* 12 close * 10 here. So when we work
out things here, we're getting 1 / 3 and
when we add 75
+ 12, it's giving us 87. Okay, so this
is 87
+ when we multiply here, we're getting a
and then there's a 10 here. This is 1 /
3 87 + a 30. So that is a square root of
900 is a 30. So when we add
these two and let's not forget a 10
here. When we add these two we're
getting a 124
* 10. So 87 + 30 is giving us actually
uh we've made a mistake here. It's
supposed to be 1 117. So 84 + 30, that's
117 * 10. It's going to give us a 1,
700. Okay, we divide by 3. When we
divide by 3, we're getting a 390
cm cubed.